This is a program to play Blue Moon against an AI.  Rules for the game
can be found at:

http://www.fantasyflightgames.com/PDF/bluemoonrules.pdf

COMPILATION

As of version 1.0.3, autoconf support has been added.  Hopefully,
compilation should be the typical "./configure && make && make install".
If you experience compilation errors, please send details of your
system and any errors to keldon@keldon.net .

RUNNING

Run with "./bluemoon".  You can specify which People to play and to play
against with the following options:

	-1 <people>   -- People you will play
	-2 <people>   -- People you will play against

You may also change these setting once the game is running with the
"Select Matchup" option under the Game menu.

INTERFACE

To play a card, click on it.  Cards that cannot be legally played are
displayed in monochrome.  If you have a retrievable card on the table,
you may retrieve it by clicking on it.  If you have a card with text
that begins "On my turn", click on it to use its special text effect.

If you wish to play a card that says "I may", and you want to not use
its special effect, click on it with your second, third, etc mouse
button.  This is typically your middle or right mouse button.   This
will bring up a menu with an option to "Play with no effect".  Note that
this feature does not work on several cards at the moment, including all
cards where the special effect takes place at a future point ("at the
end of my turn", for example).

You can also use this popup menu to play cards as bluff cards or to
load them onto a Buka ship.

If an opponent plays a Caterpillar or similar card and you wish to
discard to satisfy it, click on the opponent's card.  Cards like
"Kabu Kat" and "Baku But" will be satisified automatically when you
play a support or booster card, respectively.

Once you are done playing cards, choose to announce your power in Fire
or Earth with the buttons on the left side.  The button will not be
clickable unless you have matched your opponent's power, or played a
shield, etc.  The button will also be unclickable if your opponent
has an unsatisfied Caterpillar card.

If you make a mistake and are not able to match your opponent's Power,
you may undo your turn back to the "Retreat from Fight" phase with the
Undo button.  You may then either retreat or play different cards in
an attempt to match power.

BUGS

If you encounter a bug, especially an error in the rules implementation,
please report it to keldon@keldon.net .

LEGAL

The source code is my own creation and is placed under the GPL.  For
details, see the file COPYING.

All copyrights related to Blue Moon are owned by Kosmos.  Blue Moon was
designed by Reiner Knizia.  Permission to distribute the game, including
the card images, has been granted by Kosmos.

http://www.kosmos.de/
http://www.knizia.de/
